Welcome to this module. In this module, we'll have a look at how we can build our own visuals,
so our own charts for Power BI. To be honest, Power BI ships with a rich library of charts
and that might be all you need
but it is great to know that you can build your own charts, it is great to know how that works and
you can build these charts not just for you. You could also publish them and there is an official catalog
of custom visuals, of visuals created by other people than Microsoft which you can browse, which
might already hold the chart,
the visual you were looking for.
So in this module, we'll have a look at how we can set up our development environment to get started developing
our own visuals,
it's pretty easy, no worries
and then how this works.
Of course this module
will just get you started with that, if you then want to dive deeper into this, you can do this, you
should have the basic knowledge to then dive deeper into it
but enough of the talking.
Let's start diving into it and let's learn how we can build our own visuals.